hey how's it going this is Dave 2d and
this is a new XPS 15 the 95/60
so the previous generation the 95 50 was
my daily driver for over a year I used
that thing a lot so when this new one
came in I was pretty excited to give it
a good run now looking from the outside
not much has changed from the previous
generation it's still one of the best
built Windows laptops so a lot of
devices that use aluminum are pretty to
look at but they're delicate this laptop
is less focused on aesthetics I mean
it's still nice to look at but it's also
a tank the exterior surface holds up
well the hinge holds attention perfectly
after a year and the soft touch carbon
fiber finish when I first looked at this
stuff I thought for sure it would wear
down or at least gets discussed over
time but it doesn't at all the build
quality on this thing is awesome
another thing I really like is the 4k
screen it's probably the best part about
this laptop 15.6 inch IPS touch panel
amazing color gamut amazing color
accuracy great viewing angles super Zen
bezels and it's got a good software to
switch between the color spaces I
consider this to be the best screen on
the market for what I do if you're a
professional gamer and you need crazy
fast refresh rates then maybe not but if
your content creator or if you just want
an awesome display this one is really
really good the webcam still looks up
your nose but if this is the price for
an ultra-thin bezel I'll take it any day
it's also easy to open for upgrades and
when you're in there you can do your
standard stuff like adding more RAM or
swapping out drives the stock Ram is
faster than last year it's still ddr4
but now it's running at 2400 megahertz
the stock drive speeds are great better
than last year as well the battery has
been upgraded it's now a 97 watt hour
battery which is actually near that 99
watt hour legal limit and if you take
this big battery and you combine it with
that cable a chip that's inside here you
get really good battery life you're
comfortably hitting seven and a half
hours of battery life with the screen at
215 inch it's pretty awesome that's a
full day battery you can bring it to
work leave your charger at home and then
just charge it when you come back home
if you want to you can actually remove
this big battery get some
on Amazon and replace it with the two
and a half inch drives and a smaller
battery I like this stuff below but I
didn't on my older XPS 15 so I have two
storage drives so other stuff that I
like the keyboard is pretty good it
hasn't changed I like to lay out a lot
backlighting is white there's nothing I
really dislike about it and it's pretty
easy to get used to but it's not a
keyboard that you'll fall in love with
it's good it's just not excellent the
trackpad is unchanged glass surface
performs really well because of the
windows precision drivers and button
mechanics are nice now if you're coming
from a macbook and you've never used
anything other than apple trackpads
you're probably not going to love this
one but seriously this is as good as
it's going to get for Windows trackpads
it's really good but apples trackpads
are better so those are some things that
have really liked about the 95 to
succeed but there are some things that I
didn't like in the previous generation
that haven't changed the first I know
this was really petty but the color of
the device I wish it came in more colors
it has one of the best-looking interiors
with that carbon fiber finish but the
exterior is silver and you can only get
in silver you can get skins I'll link
this one below but it would be cooler if
Dell made a dark grey or a black version
of this laptop the second thing are the
speakers they have good volume but they
don't have the best location they're
underneath the keyboard even though the
kind of faces user the audio isn't as
clear as I'd like it to be I wish these
were repositioned maybe up to the top or
something the third thing is a little
more important it supports the porridge
selection is decent there's a bunch of
USB ports audio jack HDMI and an SD card
slot I think it's a better selection
than some other pro laptops I do wish it
had more USB type a ports like when you
have a mouse plugged in there's only one
of those ports left and it can be a
little bit cramped the other thing is
that the Thunderbolt 3 port only uses 2
PCIe lanes not 4 so instead of a full 40
gigabit per second pipe you only get
half 20 gigabits per second so most
users won't be affected by this at all
but because it has 2 lanes you can only
run a single 4k 60 Hertz display from
the port and if you want to run an
external GPU the speeds will be about
10% slower than it should be
the new KB Lake CPU gives a bit of a
performance bump the system feels
snappier when opening apps and games
same with Adobe Premiere stuff is just a
quicker partially due to the faster
clock and partially due to the new speed
shift tech
the GTX 1050 is a nice performance
upgrade from the older 960m it's a
faster GPU and now it has four gigs of
RAM instead of just two on benchmarks
we're looking at a 25% increase in
graphical performance from the 960m
render times in Adobe Premiere aren't
that much faster but I'm noticing
smoother playback and editing using GTX
1050 light and moderately demanding
games we'll be able to comfortably hit
60 frames per second with the GTX 950 if
you want to see more details about
gaming performance I made a pretty
comprehensive gaming benchmarks video
which I'll link below
it's a quiet laptop on idle often silent
fan noise under maximum load still isn't
that loud there's a bit of thermal
throttling during benchmarks so when I'm
playing games or if I'm editing video it
doesn't happen I've never noticed an
actual in-game throttling but whenever
on benchmarks for long enough we do see
clock speed reduction thermals on the
surface look good there's nothing
uncomfortable to use the carbon fibre
deck really helps with keeping surface
temperatures down alright with the new
95/60 XPS 15 you're still getting
amazing build quality from aluminum and
carbon fiber materials the 4k touch
screen is unchanged from last year and
it's awesome it's literally my favorite
laptop screen right now the backlit
keyboard is easy to get used to and
comfortable to type on the glass
trackpad is one of the best in the
business
on the inside the KB Lake i7 and the GTX
1050 are a nice upgrade from last year's
models the cooling could be a little bit
better the stock RAM and the SSD have
good speeds where you want they're
easily replaced and there's a 97 watt
hour battery that'll last year round
seven and a half hours now the XPS 15
starts at $1,000 but once you add the
gtx 1050 and the 4k panel which I highly
recommend you're looking at $1600 end up
it's certainly not cheap but it's a
fantastic machine is it perfect
no I mean there's other machines that
are really good in this price point like
the razor blade comes to mind that's
equally awesome in its own kind of realm
but if you're looking for a machine that
has great build quality like really
really great build quality fantastic
screen and you don't mean like a super
powerful video card take a look at this
one I think you'll like it that's the
end of this video
some of you enjoyed it subs if you loved
it if you got
next time
[Music]